##############################################################KISCMS v0.1Created by: Makis Tracend (makis@makesites.cc)URL: http://www.makesites.cc/projects/kisscms##############################################################Description===========A CMS lightning fast to setup and easy to use - based on KISSCMS, the simple PHP MVC framework. The main goal was the creation of an environment to easily create new content on a website while lifting unecessary barriers od extension, found in most CMSs today. Setup=====- Extract the archive and place the content of the kisscms folder wherever you want your website. - Open "index.php" and update the paths according to your server setup. - Open a browser and enter the address of yout website - the sample content should already work with no further work.- It is advisable to login to the cms straight away (user-pass: admin) - The top bar that appears is your main (and only control panel for the website). Click on configuration and change the website name and admin access. Usage=====The main.php controller is assigned to be the delivery controller for all database content. This means in the current implementation all your pages should start with the "main/" directory. Being based on KISSMVC means that you extend the website with your own controllers in any other way you want to. To create a page, simply enter the address, ex. "main/testpage" and in pure wiki-style, the prompt to create the new page will appear. To edit/delete a page you simply click on the corresponding topbar links, available when you are logged in as adminConvensions===========- It is safe to assume that the CMS has priority over any other script-function that names variables. For this reason, KISSCMS does not use prefixes for the cms variables ($id, $title, $content)....- There is the ability to have custom presentation for the body of each page. A page at "somedir/pagename" will look for a fragment called "somedir_pagename.php" in the fragments folder - if not available it will revert to the default one "main.php"- The index page (and homepage of the site) will always have a path equals to "" (empty). This entry is already available in the database when you first use the cms and by default cannot be deleted. If this page is deleted then the website might cease to function. - The layout for CMS actions (create, edit, login etc.) have their own sub-folder "cms" in the "fragments". - There is an "inc" folder that contains supporting scripts: A language file, a modules container and common funtions loader. Wishlist========- Automaticaly insert markup code (ex. <p> tags for paragraphs). Ideally implement a wiki style syntax for inserting markup. - Directory of all available pages- Use a more universal ORM instead of CRUDE. - Support more than one administrators - Externalise all text to a language file- Better validation feedback (error messages) and/or JavaScript validation of user input.Changelog=========19-04-2009 	(v0.1) 	Initial release: Basic creation-deletion of pages implemented. Copyright=========This work is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License:http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt